Documentation (#93)
USDA-ARS-NWRC/AWSM: docs/getting_started/basin_setup.rst

.. _basin_setup: https://github.com/USDA-ARS-NWRC/basin_setup
.. _LANDFIRE: https://www.landfire.gov

``topo.nc`` file
----------------

The basin setup procdure creates a `topo.nc` that contains the following static layers:

1. Digital elevation model
2. Vegetation type
3. Vegetation height
4. Vegetation extinction coefficient
5. Vegetation optical transmissivity
6. Basin mask (optional)

All these layers are stored in a netCDF file, typically referred to the ``topo.nc`` file. More
information about the ``topo.nc`` file are in the SMRF documentation_ with advanced setup in 
:doc:`../user_guide/topo_veg`.

.. note::

    The ``topo.nc`` **must** have projection information. It's just good practice. Using
    ``basin_setup`` will ensure the projection is in the ``topo.nc`` which will come from
    the basin outline shapefile.

.. _documentation: https://smrf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/create_topo.html

Creating the DEM
----------------

The DEM was obtained from the USGS National Elevation `dataset`_ at ~10-m (9.26-m) resolution.
The original tiles are provided in EPSG:4269 - NAD83 – Geographic projection. Download the necessary

> tiles to cover the modeling domain. Join the tiles were in the native projection and resolution (EPSG 4269). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tiles to cover the modeling domain. Join **(merge)** the tiles in the native projection and resolution (EPSG 4269, 10m). 
```
